README.md, before:


## Installation

### Conda
In root of repo run:
`conda env create -f environment.yml`

### Docker
Follow the steps of setting earthengine if not doing the install via Conda. 

In root of repo run:
`make build`

After building the image, run:
`make shell`


## SentinelHub setup

Before running sentinelhub, you need to authenticate. In order to authenticate, follow the steps outlined here for gcloud firstly:
https://sentinelhub-py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configure.html 


## Test Run

The script takes three arguments: start date of the fire, end date of the fire and a bounding box in decimal degrees as minx, miny, max, and maxy. 
Based on the area size, it will split the area into a grid of requests if needed and create a mosaic.
Additionally, it takes into consideration amount of cloud cover and if it is higher > 10% of area, it will extend the period of composition by 7 days.  

`python main.py --start_date 2023-03-05 --end_date 2023-03-15 --coords 148.79697 -33.20518 150.05036 -32.64876`

Commit message:

docs(README): updated readme file with commitizen and pre commit

README.md, after:


## Installation

### Conda
In root of repo run:
`conda env create -f environment.yml`

### Docker
Follow the steps of setting earthengine if not doing the install via Conda. 

In root of repo run:
`make build`

After building the image, run:
`make shell`

### Pre-commit

Once in the root of repository, run:
`pre-commit install`

This will install pre-commit hooks. 

Later you can the following prior to commiting but after git add:

`pre-commit run --all-files`

### Commitizen

Commitizen is used for commiting as:

`cz c`

The repo is following semantic versioning as 0.0.0:
- major (major repo change)
- minor (feature)
- patch (bug fix)

If the commit is any of these and not a build or refactor run:

`cz bump`

This will update the CHANGELOG.md and VERSION files of the repo. Make sure to commit them. 

## SentinelHub setup

Before running sentinelhub, you need to authenticate. In order to authenticate, follow the steps outlined here for gcloud firstly:
https://sentinelhub-py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configure.html 


## Test Run

The script takes three arguments: start date of the fire, end date of the fire and a bounding box in decimal degrees as minx, miny, max, and maxy. 
Based on the area size, it will split the area into a grid of requests if needed and create a mosaic.
Additionally, it takes into consideration amount of cloud cover and if it is higher > 10% of area, it will extend the period of composition by 7 days.  

`python main.py --start_date 2023-03-05 --end_date 2023-03-15 --coords 148.79697 -33.20518 150.05036 -32.64876`
